OK, so sometimes it's actually useful to see the actual name of the variable with the output of your
script.
Make a new script called 'literal.sh.' "i" for Insert, '#!/bin/bash',
'this shows a literal variable.'
And I'm just going to paste this in because I have already done it.
Escape
":wq"
'chmod 755', and './literal.sh' to run it/
OK, so there's the same script and go back into it.
So if you want to see the actual variable name
you can actually do this:
So if you named your variable
right,
this actually works out pretty good.
So in order to see the variable name, you put a backslash here.
So this will tell your shell to ignore the special power that this dollar sign has and just print the
character: dollar sign.
So Escape with ":wq" and then run it again.
So who is in the sneaking suit?
Solid snake.
So they're printed are actual variable name instead of above where if we didn't have them backslash
there, it printed out what was in it--or we just had text there.
But since I named my variable basically the same thing, it's kind of easy to see the variable name.
So that that backslash character is also a special character--basically just tells the shell to ignore
the next character's ability if it has one, and instead print that character.